Update creating-a-project for mappings and package (#168)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/getting-started/creating-a-project.md

## Generating a Project {#generating-a-project}

You can use the [Fabric Template Mod Generator](https://fabricmc.net/develop/template/) to generate a new project for your mod - you should fill in the required fields, such as the mod name, package name, and the Minecraft version that you want to develop for.

> The package name should be lowercase, seperated by dots, and unique to avoid conflicts with other programmers packages. It is typically formatted as a reversed internet domain, such as `com.example.modid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package name should be lowercase, separated by dots, and unique to avoid conflicts with other programmers' packages. It is typically formatted as a reversed internet domain, such as `com.example.modid`.
```
